hi this is andrew from laptop abuse comm
and I have here with me today that
ThinkPad T 4:30
it's the latest introduction to the T
series of ThinkPads from Lenovo
it's one of their best-selling laptops
so there's probably going to be a lot of
interest in this particular model the
specs on the model that I have here I'll
just zoom in because the windows
experiencing that kind of lays those out
is we have an Intel Core i5 it's the 2.6
gigahertz I 530 320 model on this fully
fledged Intel Core i5 processor from the
latest Intel Ivy Bridge family I'm 8
gigabytes of RAM and we have about a 500
gigabyte hard drive onboard and intel HD
4000 graphics and the screen is a 1366
by 768 you do have the option to upgrade
to a higher res 1600 by 900 and the t
430 but just so happens that our review
unit is the low resolution of 1366 by
768 as you can see the keyboard is what
you would expect the new updated chiclet
style keyboard that you'll see across
the ThinkPad line it does have a
backlight keyboard you're not going to
be able to see it too well but you can
toggle that on and off simply by holding
down the FN + spacebar there's a
fingerprint reader built into this model
and you have the dual nav track point
and touchpad buttons down here ok so
just to kind of give a tour of the ports
we have on each side of the notebook
here on the left side of the t 430 you
have a VGA monitor out port here next to
it although it's hard to see is a
headphone microphone dual jack and then
sort of under this lip here so it's
going to be really hard to see as a mini
DisplayPort and then 2 USB 3.0 ports
here
we rotate around I come across to the
right side you can see that here is the
optical drive which in this case is a
DVD burner it uses ultra bay ThinkPad
technology so you can actually take this
out and replace it with either dummy
weight saver if you don't want an
optical drive or you can put in a spare
battery there as well there are other
options maybe a blu-ray burner or
something like that up next to it we
have a 34 millimeter ExpressCard slot
which underneath it has a media card
reader and then there is another USB I
believe that's a 2.0 here on the back
left or right side rather then we rotate
around to the back there's a vertical
USB powered port so you can charge your
smartphones other devices off of that
then is your there's your Ethernet port
there and then on the right side of the
back you can see that there's that the
power jack we have the nine cell battery
here so it's sticking out at the back
end that that's going to give you longer
battery life of course but on the flip
side it does add weight with that 9 cell
battery and the weight comes around 5.2
pounds so for a 14 inch laptop it's
fairly heavy we do have a latch style
shut closing mechanism here so whereas
on the X 230 it's just used the hinges
to hold the lid shut the t 430 does have
the built-in latch system so you can
just release it there and then lift the
lid and you check out the steel hinges
here they're all ours they ever were
it's very thick very rigid so this
screen just does not wobble when you
when you bump it you know which is
certainly good if you're in a bumpy
airplane ride or something like that if
you stay tuned so laptop reviews calm
we'll have more coverage with the t 430
coming up along with a comparison to the
x-series so you can see how it stacks up
in terms of size